Translator: sann tint Reviewer: Myo Aung (Music) (Music), a teenage wedding helps older people and wishes them Pierre to see what women really love pot Now the young couple ဝတ်ပြုဆောင် They have a bell It is life, she says You never could tell the evidence. awake, awake The two room Roebuck sale Apartments were prepared for furniture Refrigerator cooling letters they add much aerated water pot But Pierre find work The little money was a good job. It is life, she says You never could tell the evidence. You never know An updated bought a ragged combination of cherry red 53. New Orleans went to drive to celebrate wedding anniversary pot Pierre cute little young Maine I was married It is life, she says You never could tell the evidence. awake, awake You never know awake, awake You never know awake, awake You never know (Applause, clapping) Thank you. Recently Chess Record in the Giant mine in Song I had a great opportunity to find gold, Argentina's. Chicago-based label in the US is 50.60 years was really active. The music is spread worldwide. I have a song tonight "Playing Chess" I called the album. This is to honor these songs. We now know that in adults, a rock wall, Seoul and R & B The actual inventor (Applause) (Music) sea I'm waiting for girl She told me ... I'm waiting (Music) On the river Each cloud is over Trans-Aloud Over the mountains A young girl waiting for me (Music) Tell the sands Grass Please. Please give our love to Bank ြု Over the mountains A young girl waiting for me The moon in the sky I tell Over and over Tell all the birds flying I'm waiting for me lachuuss .my pot Each dark ကြယ်စုံ A tightly sealed pot A mystery Over the mountains A young girl waiting for me The moon in the sky I tell Over and over Tell all the birds flying I'm waiting for me lachuuss .my Each dark ကြယ်စုံ A tightly sealed pot A mystery Over the mountains A young girl waiting for me She was waiting for me O; She was waiting for me i know, i know, i know, i know pot i know, i know, i know, i know pot i know, i know, i know, i know The wine jars Wow Wow (Applause, clapping)