Interpreter: jacks peng Proofreader: Yolanda Zhang [This presentation contains adult vocabulary, please watch the audience as appropriate] If we travel to Greece in 800 BC, We will see businessmen who have failed in business Forced to sit in the market and buckle the head with a basket. In pre-modern Italy, The bankrupt business owner, if there is outstanding debt, Will be stripped to the public square by the red strip. Hit your ass with a special stone, There is also a group of onlookers who laugh at them. In the 17th century in France, The failed business owner was brought to the center of the market, There, the news of their bankruptcy was made public. In order to avoid immediate imprisonment, They must bring a green hat, Then everyone will know that they are losers. Of course, these are extreme examples. But remember, When we overdo the people who failed, We are stifling the ability to innovate and create business. And these capabilities are the engine of economic growth in every country. Time flies, today we have not publicly humiliated failed entrepreneurs. They also don't promote their failures on social media. In fact, I think that all of us have experienced the pain of failure. But we don't share the details of those experiences. I fully understand, my friends, I have fallen into such a situation. I have had experience in business failure, And sharing this failure is really hard. In fact, it took me seven years, a moderate sense of vulnerability, Also accompanied by my friends. My failure story is like this. When I was studying at a business school at the university, I met a group of Aboriginal women. They live in a poor rural community in Puebla, central Mexico. They will make beautiful handmade products. When I met them and saw their work, I decided to help them. With the help of these women to get a steady income, And the mission to improve the quality of their lives, I co-founded a social enterprise with several friends. We have been following the textbook, As we learned at the business school. We have investors, We spent a lot of time building businesses and training these women. But soon we realized that we are just rookies. Handicrafts are not sold at all, The financial plan we have made is completely unrealistic. In fact, we have been operating for a few years, I hope that a miracle will happen, There is a big buyer who will miraculously appear. Make the whole business profitable. But that miracle never happened. In the end, we had to shut down the company, This makes me very sad. I started all this to give the artist life. Create positive impacts. But I feel that the development of the whole thing is counterproductive. I feel guilty, So decided in the next few years This failure is hidden in conversations and resumes. I don't know other failed entrepreneurs, I only thought that I was the only loser in the world. One night after 7 years, I went out with my friends. We talked about the life of entrepreneurs. Naturally, we talked about the topic of failure. I decided to confess to my friends the experience of failing to start a business. And they shared a similar story. At that moment, my mind clearly appeared in my mind: All my friends are losers. (laughter) Seriously, I realized that night: First of all, I am not the only loser in the world. Second, we are all hiding our own failures. If anyone has not done this, please let me know. That night was like an exorcism for me. I realize that sharing your failures can make you stronger, not weaker. Calmly facing your own vulnerability, Helping me build deeper and more meaningful connections with others, And embrace the lessons of life that I could not learn in the past. As sharing we are not successful The result of a business story, We are going to create an activity platform. To help others share their failure stories. We call it "the night of messing up." A few years later, we also created a research center. Committed to the story of failure, And its implications for business, humans and society, Since we like the cooler name, we call it the “Make the Institute”. Surprisingly, When the entrepreneur stands on the stage When sharing their failed stories, She can enjoy that experience. This is not necessarily the same as in the past, it is a symbol Shame and awkward moments. This is a sharing lesson And the opportunity to build empathy. We also found that When team members shared their failures, a miracle happened. The bond is enhanced and collaboration becomes easier. Through our activities and research projects, We found some interesting facts. For example, after a man’s business fails, The reaction is different. The most common reaction in men is Start a new business again in the year after the failure, But in different industries, And women decided to find a job, And postponed the creation of new business. Our guess is that Women are more susceptible to “counterfeit syndrome”. We feel that we need other things to be good entrepreneurs. But I have seen in many cases that women actually have all the qualities they need. We just need to take another step. In the case of men, More generally, they feel that they already have enough knowledge. Just waiting for a better chance. Another interesting finding is that How entrepreneurs respond to failures shows a geographical difference. For example, in the American continent, The most common reaction after people fail is Return to school. In Europe, people are more willing to find a therapist. (laughter) We are not sure what kind of response is better in the face of business failure. But I will study it carefully later. Another interesting finding is that A far-reaching impact on the public policy of failed entrepreneurs. For example, in my country, Mexico, The regulatory environment is harsh, Closing a company takes a lot of time and money. Let's talk about money first. In the best case, Means you and your partner, Suppliers, customers, employees have no disputes, In the best case, It takes $2,000 to officially close a company. In Mexico, this number is not small. a person who earns the minimum wage, It takes 15 months to save the money. Now let's talk about time. You may know that in most developing countries, The average life expectancy of a company is 2 years. In Mexico, it takes two years to officially close a business. When the average life expectancy of the company is What happens when the time to turn it off is as long? Obviously, this cannot encourage business innovation. Instead, it will promote informal business. In fact, economic research has proven that If the process of declaring bankruptcy is shorter, the less money you spend, More new businesses will enter the market. Because of this, in 2017, We made a series in Mexico Close public policy advice for the company's processes. Throughout the year, We and entrepreneurs across the country Work with Congress. The good news is that we successfully assisted in the revision of the law. Hey! (applaud) The idea behind it is that when the new regulations come into effect, Entrepreneurs will be able to pass fast and cheap online processes Close their company. (loose a breath) When we create "the night of messing up", We never thought that this sport would develop to such a large scale. Our business has been launched in 80 countries. At the moment of creation, our only intention Put the failed topic on the desktop, To help my friends realize that failure is a topic we should not avoid. It is no longer as shameful as it used to be. Or the reason for celebration, some people describe it like this. In fact, I need to be honest about one thing. Every time I hear the argument of Silicon Valley Fan, or have students I boast how quickly I fail, and often feel that this is no big deal, I will feel chilling. Because I feel that the "quick failure" remarks have great drawbacks. Of course, a quick failure is to speed up learning and avoid wasting time. good idea. But what I am afraid is when we put a quick failure As one or only option for entrepreneurs, We may be encouraging to try it. We may be encouraging entrepreneurs to give up easily. I am also afraid of this sloppy culture. Bad effects on business failure Too much understatement. For example, when my social enterprise went bankrupt, The worst part is that I need to go back to the Aboriginal community. Tell those women that the business has failed, This is my fault. For some people, this is the best lesson I have learned. But the truth is, shutting down this business, The meaning behind it is far more profound. It means that these women will not be able to get The income they desperately need. For this, I have a proposal. I want to propose, just like we have abandoned public humiliation The idea of \u200b\u200ba failed entrepreneur is the same. We must also forget the idea that "quick failure is always the best choice." I want to make a new rumor: Cautiously fail. We must remember that the company is made up of people, The company is not founded or failed A magical entity with any consequences. Some people lose their jobs when the company is closed. Some people lose their income. In society and green businesses, The death of these companies will serve them. Ecology or community has a negative impact. So what does it mean to be cautiously failing? Meaning to pay attention to the failure of the enterprise Impact and consequences. Pay attention to the lessons learned. Realize that sharing with the world The responsibility of these lessons. Thank you. (applaud)