Interpreter: Ziyun Liao Proofreader: Yolanda Zhang Hello everyone, I want to introduce you to Leica. For most people, Lycra is just a very cute pig. However, for thousands of patients who need organ transplants to regain their lives, Lycra is a symbol of hope. Since 1970, Organ transplantation has become a realistic choice, For kidney failure and other patients with organ diseases, Organ shortages have always been a problem. In the past few decades, This problem is getting worse as the demand for organs shows an exponential increase. Currently in the United States, There are about 115,000 patients, An organ transplant is needed to continue living. At the end of my speech, Another new patient will be added to the candidate list for organ transplantation. Today, about 100 patients get a fresh organ. a chance to start a new life again, But at the end of the day, There will also be 20 people waiting to die. This situation is heartbreaking, Whether it is for the patient, for their family, This is true for doctors who try to save. In some parts of the world, Insufficient supply of organs has become a worrying social problem. Let's say, in Asia, According to news reports, many desperate patients Cruelly buying fresh organs in the black market. Obviously, this problem needs to be solved urgently. Because human survival is already at stake. As a biologist and geneticist, My mission is to find a solution to this problem. Today, I can be very optimistic that we are already moving towards this goal. It all depends on Leica. Use of genetic editing techniques, It’s possible to create a human transplantable organ with precision. Let these organs grow safely in pigs. Before we are immersed in the incredible technology that realizes this possibility, Let's take a good look at what is xenograft. It is a process of transplanting animal organs into humans. Maybe you will want to ask, why is it the organ of the pig? Because of some pig organs and human organs The size and shape are very similar. In the past half century, The pioneers of organ transplantation are striving to achieve this goal, But basically they all ended in failure. Why is this so? Because there are two obstacles that are difficult to overcome, The first is the problem of rejection. When our immune system recognizes allogeneic organs, Rejection will occur. Second, this rejection is especially directed at the organ source of pigs. Every pig carries a virus that is benign to pigs. But this virus can be transmitted to humans. It is called porcine endogenous retrovirus (PERV). This virus is likely to produce a viral infection similar to HIV (HIV). Because there is no way to effectively solve these problems, The field of xenotransplantation has been put on hold for more than a decade. There was almost no progress during the period. I want to share with you my story with Leica. My journey started in Emeishan, China. This is a place that has been rendered by many legends. Such as "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", That is a place I call home. Because I grew up in this mountain, I have a strong connection with nature. This is what I was when I was seven years old. Standing in front of an ancient Buddhist temple, A monkey stood on my shoulder. I still remember clearly, my friends and I. How to throw some peanuts around to transfer the attention of the monkeys, In this way, a road can be opened through the village. I love nature, When it comes to choosing a research field, I chose to study biology at Peking University. However, as I learn more, The more questions I have in my heart. The genetic makeup of humans is so similar to animals. But why do we look so different? How can our immune system fight against invading pathogens, But smart enough to not hurt yourself? These problems have been afflicting me. I know that it sounds nerdy, but you know, I am a scientist. After graduating from college, I decided, I don't just ask questions. I want to solve these problems, and I did. In 2008, I was lucky enough to receive Admission notice from Harvard University PhD program, Can work with Dr. George Church. When working in Dr. Qiu Qi’s laboratory, I started to experiment and experiment with the genetic makeup of mammals. In all of these experiments, One of the special experiments made me take a step towards Leica. In 2013, my colleagues and I successfully modified human cells. I have used what you have already heard. A technique called gene editing (CRISPR). We are one of the first two groups to succeed in the experiment. Use this tool to edit our DNA, This is an exciting moment in the history of scientific discovery. The gene editing tool CRISPR consists of two parts. a scissors called the enzyme CRISPR, There is also a guide RNA. We can think of this tool as a genetic scissors with a microscope. And this microscope is the guide RNA, It brings the genetic scissors to the part we want to cut, Tell us, "This is it," This allows us to accurately cut and repair DNA with the enzyme CRISPR. Soon after we reported our research, Several physicians at the Massachusetts General Hospital Interested in the medical application prospects of this study, So they contacted us, Then we will collaborate on research using CRISPR To solve the crisis of organ supply in short supply. So how do we do it? It's simple to say, but the actual operation is complicated. We first edited the pig's cells so that it no longer carried the virus. It is compatible with the human immune system. The nuclei are extracted from the detoxified cells and implanted into the pig's egg cells. Let it split into an embryo. The resulting embryo is then placed in the uterus of the surrogate sow, Develop into a complete pig. In the end, it is actually the process of cloning. If you are lucky, the genetic composition of the pig's organ, Will not be rejected by the human immune system. In 2015, our team decided to solve the problem of virus infection first. We want to take all 62 copies from the pig's genome. a copy of the PERV virus, But at that time, this was basically an impossible task. Even if you use CRISPR, We can only make one or two modifications in one cell. The highest record we have made in a particular cell is five. To achieve the goal of removing all viruses, we have to increase the data by more than ten times. After careful design and hundreds of experiments, We finally managed to take out all the viruses, Breaking the record of genetic modification. More importantly, our research shows that We have the possibility to eliminate these will be spread to A dangerous virus in humans. Last year, with improved cell and cloning technology, Our company, eGenesis, has successfully cultivated Lycra, The first pig of the same breed, but not born with PERV. (applause) Lycra represents the establishment of security The first critical step in the xenotransplantation process. Again, it is also us a platform for further research on genetic modification, Used to solve immunological problems. Since then, we have cultivated more than 30 pigs that do not carry PERV. They may be the most advanced genetically modified animals living on Earth. The name Lycra, taken from a dog in the Soviet Union, It is the first animal to orbit the earth. We hope that Lycra and its brothers and sisters, Can lead us to the forefront of science and medicine. Imagine a world where patients are no longer suffering from liver failure. There is a new liver to help them regain their lives, They no longer have to wait for organ donation. Or the fall of another life. Imagine a world like this, People with diabetes no longer need to take insulin after a meal. Because we can provide them with healthy insulin cells, Ability to produce insulin on its own. Imagine a world like this, people with kidney failure, There is no longer a need to face the heavy burden of dialysis. We are always creating that world, A world where there is no shortage of organs. We ended up with tools to address the shortage of organs. This is something we could not do before. Lycra is only the first step in this long journey. In the face of nature, we must be humble. Because there are more problems to solve, Including immunology, And some things we can't predict at the moment. However, applying cutting-edge science to medicine, It is incumbent upon us to save the lives of those who are still waiting for organ transplants. thank you all. (applause) Chris Anderson: Hey, I want to say that you have come to this step is very amazing. Come, let's move a little forward. So what is your next step? You have now removed the virus. The next step is to try to solve Let the human body not reject the problem of transplanted organs. What is involved in solving this problem? Yang Yihan: This is a very complicated process. We need to remove the antigen from the pig. In addition, we can learn a lot from cancer. For example, by studying how cancer cells invade or bypass our immune system, We can take a gourd painting, Used on the organs of pigs, Let our immune system not attack the transplanted organs. Chris Anderson: When do you expect, or you hope When can I achieve a successful xenotransplant for the first time? Yang Yihan: I think it is very irresponsible to give a number now. Chris Anderson: It doesn't matter, we have always been very irresponsible at TED. Yang Yihan: But we are already day and night. This goal was achieved in patients waiting for organ transplantation. Chris Anderson: So you don't think that's the matter. In or after ten or five years, can it happen? Yang Yihan: We certainly hope to successfully achieve xenotransplantation within ten years. (laughter) Chris Anderson: There are a lot of people here, and I will be very much looking forward to this success. The potential for xenotransplantation is enormous. But at the same time there are some sounds like this, "The pigs are so cute, How can humans kill these cute pigs because of their own selfish interests? ” What will you respond to? Yang Yihan: Yes. Let us imagine that a pig can save eight lives. In addition, similar to the principle of human organ donation, If we only pick a kidney from a pig at a time, Then the pig will still be able to survive, So we are very concerned about these issues. But I think our goal is just to solve the medical needs that cannot be met. For those patients who need to wait for an organ transplant, and let their families no longer suffer. Chris Anderson: And there is that those who eat bacon are not qualified to blame you, right? Yang Yihan: It’s not bad. (laughter) Chris Anderson: Hey Han, thank you very much. Yang Yihan: Thank you. (applause)