Translator: sann tint Reviewer: Myo Aung I'm a visual artist To drive forward the revolutionary history of art is created. Straight out, something that will tell you Business Charity social relations Or US authorities The ideas received. From this perspective, a big art Deal with problems and encourage the audience to support fundamental change. Social change is difficult, but the ideas is very important. The artist, because most people think, "Oh, he is painting." After that work is not visible. "Imagine a World Without America" \u200b\u200bpainting But the photo, Video Performance in a variety of media, including on the issues. The current project "Slave Rebellion Reenactment" In November this year, in a suburb of New Orleans Actor Karim. In 1989 the American flag from the use of a violation of the customs dispute Had become central About an Artwork "The American flag, which will show the way" Work is based on the notion that encouraged audience participation. "The American flag, which will show the way" Containing a photo associated with readable text. These are books that people responded to the question below People stand options under one flag. Related Photo "Son of a bitch, the United States, home" Holding the sign South Korean students and burned the American flag. Vietnam is returning under the flag over the heads. People, wrote a long answer. There are thousands of people in this participated in a number of different languages. Powered told "I was a German girl, Our German, you respect our flag bottom We call the Nazis You think about this flag, suffering only here. "I think it should be returned to the artist and his legacy. This means that applies to African jungles, His art methods for fertilizer glue. "My standing in this system, this flag represents everything to live oppressed Andean plain murder, and all the oppressed around the world. Andaman and make sure his body Slovenly person had been shot dead, including my brother. The slovenly man wearing a flag Thanks for this opportunity, Dread Scott " "Raise the need to protect veterans Never in my naive not protected. You should shoot "US Navy Seal Team As you can see, people at that time about the flag's severe There are reactions. There was a demonstration in front of the Art Institute of Chicago of military veterans. We proclaim this. "Both အလံနဲ့ artist sent" And moves to the execution of the crowd Held a number of threats School bomb threat by phone. This is a very scary situation. Bush is a big proud see This work is the so-called "short of the glory" Parliament had declared illegal. (Laughter) We and others at the Capitol stairs to burn flags in defiance of law I had become one of the Supreme Court. This action and the subsequent legal and political battle Request patriotism government must impose mandatory ban The first amendment was to be a landmark decision Let me end. These people want to die. Dalai This will have a unique understanding our At the same time, Eight people's upper floor. At that time, military veterans The stairs will no longer be placed in your photograph. I would say that there would not be safe. But this change is really important to us Despite some Each item in this system, the US flag that stands as a repressive see limited The situation is closer. They already have a voice This, I feel the need to expand the sound importantly, Changing something US national symbol associated with conventional ideas, Science has overcome challenges traditional တွေးခေါ်ခြင်း Or predatory President the dismissal or အများကြီးလိုတယ်. It takes courage, We need luck, Vision and bold action. But good luck ... Argued that ရိုက်ခဲ့တဲ့ photo is very dysfunctional. After leaving here, we were laughing. However, this involved The stake was worthy adventurer This guy probably is wonderful, Deep and strong It was a situation, I was funny. Thank you. (Applause)