Interpreter: jacks peng Proofreader: Wei Wu When is it wrong? A few years ago, my friend sent me this photo from Urumqi. It is the capital of Xinjiang Province in northwestern China. On this particular day, she can't believe her eyes. Use this mobile app on her iPad to view the air quality outside. The numbers tell her that the air quality is good, The mass is 1 in the range of 500. But when she looked outside, she saw something very different. Yes, these are the buildings of the background. (laughter) But the data just didn't reflect The truth that people see and breathe. This is because China has not been able to monitor PM2.5. Or fine particle contamination. When the 2012 PM2.5 level bursts, Or "awful", as the US Embassy said on a tweet, Chinese citizens use social media Start questioning why official air quality statistics Seeing and breathing with themselves There is such a big disconnect. This question has triggered The awakening of environmental awareness in China, Forcing the Chinese government to solve the pollution problem. Now China has the opportunity to become a global environmental leader. But today I want to give you a picture To be more mixed. There are some signs that are very encouraging. But there are also some disturbing trends Need more attention. Let us now return to the story at hand. I began to witness the beginning of the Chinese green revolution. When I was a doctoral student in 2011, I was on a field trip in China. I walk around the country looking for answers Question of doubt by external skeptics: What, you said that China is doing environmental related things? Do they have an environmental policy? What policy? At the time, PM2.5 was considered too politically sensitive. So the government is secret, But the public is beginning to realize its health hazards, They ask the government Increase transparency. In fact, I began to see these growing evolutions and awareness It is constantly emerging throughout China. For example, department stores began selling air purifiers. Used to filter harmful PM2.5. Citizens also use PM2.5 as the name of the festival. (laughter) Later I went to a golf course in Shenzhen, which is in southern China. You can see from this banner that they have almost no PM2.5 in the promotion. Golf courses are below average and do not breathe low standards of air. Then the Shanghai Environmental Protection Agency Decided to create a mascot named after the Air Quality Index To better communicate the air quality index with the public. I call her AQI Girl (Air Quality Index Girl), Her expression and hair color will change with the quality of the outside air. After five years, Shanghai air quality is in most cases They are all smiling faces. Then in 2015, CCTV former reporter Chai Jing Produced the documentary "Under the Dome". This is like Rachel Carson's Silent Spring. Much like Rachel Carson Arousing people's concern that pesticides are endangering human health, Under the Dome makes people realize Air pollution causes 1 million people every year in China Premature death. This video Within a weekend before government intervention The number of plays has exceeded 100 million. The government is worried that this will cause social unrest, This video was removed from the Internet. But the damage has already been caused. Public anger against air pollution Stimulating the Chinese government, Perhaps because of self-protection, From a big and decisive perspective How to solve the root cause of air pollution And many other environmental issues with it: Its energy system. As you can see, China, About two-thirds of the electricity comes from coal. China has the world's largest coal-fired power plant, Accounting for 40% of the global total, It is because of this fact that the Chinese government Decided to declare war on coal in 2014, Close the small coal mine, Limit coal consumption, Even shut down the coal power plant equivalent to Australia. They are also in places like hydropower, wind and solar That kind of clean and renewable energy Made a big investment, The speed and scale of this transformation Absolutely shocking. Let me give you a set of statistics to clarify what I mean. In terms of hydropower, China has one-third of the world’s capacity. Leading the world. Hydropower only for one year It is enough for every Chinese citizen to provide electricity for two families. You may have heard of the Three Gorges Dam. The picture is here, Is the largest power station in the world, It is powered by water. Wind power, China accounts for one-third of the global installed capacity. This has become the number one leader. When we look at solar energy, China is also in a leading position. In fact, they achieved 2020 The goal of installing 105 gigawatts of solar energy. Prior to this, the Chinese government Has been raised several times between 2009 and 2015 Solar target. Last year, in just 7 months, China's solar installed capacity has reached an astonishing 35 gigawatts. This number is more than half of the total US. And China did it in seven months. We can verify the remarkable growth of solar energy from space. As shown on this chart of the startup SkyKnow. By 2020, China is expected to pass only wind and solar energy. It is possible to achieve all electricity consumption in Germany. This is quite amazing. We can see some evidence now, China's efforts in clean energy It’s really producing results, Not only to reduce air pollution, But also for global climate change, China is the country with the largest carbon emissions in the world. If we look at the data, we can see China’s coal consumption. It may have reached its peak as early as 2013. This is the reason why the Chinese government announced They have already achieved the 2020 emission reduction commitment ahead of schedule. The main reason. Reduction in coal consumption Also directly improved across the country air quality, Just like the blue part I showed here. In most major Chinese cities, Air pollution has fallen by as much as 30%. The reduction in air pollution does indeed make Chinese people Life expectancy increases, The average is two and a half years longer than in 2013. Yellow, these are what we can see. The city with the greatest improvement in air quality. But of course, as I mentioned at the beginning of this speech, We must use appropriate caution To alleviate this optimism, This is largely because the data has not yet been finalized. end of last year, After three years of steady growth in global carbon emissions, Scientific predictions show that Global emissions may rise again This may be due to the increase in the consumption of fossil fuels in China. So they may not have reached the peaks I showed before. But of course, statistics and data are still ambiguous. This is because China regularly corrects coal statistics after the event. In fact, this is very interesting, Since I came here, I am on Twitter and other Climate model expert debate, Want to figure out China's carbon emissions Whether it is rising, falling or staying relatively stable. Of course, China is still a fast developing country. It is still experimenting with various policies, For example, there is no pile sharing bike, This is considered a viable sustainable transportation solution. But then we have pictures of this bicycle cemetery Explain a more vigilant story. Sometimes the solution changes too fast And beyond the demand. Of course, coal is still the king of China. At least for now. So why should we care about what China is doing in the environment? China’s actions on domestic environmental issues may Our other countries have a global impact. Citing a line from Chai Jing, We all live under the same dome, Space pollution from China Can spread across countries Influence people as far as North America. China not only exports space pollution, They are also exporting aid, infrastructure and technology to foreign countries. In 2013, President Xi Jinping announced the Belt and Road Initiative. A large, $1 trillion worth of more than 60 other countries Infrastructure construction project. In history, when we look When China invests in infrastructure overseas, They are not always clean. Global Environment Institute, a Chinese civil society organization, Found in the past 15 years, China has invested more than 68 countries 240 coal-fired power plants, This is related to the one-way initiative. More than 1/4 of China's domestic coal-fired power generation capacity Exported to overseas. So we can see that although China is improving, Its pollution in the export part To other countries, And greenhouse gas emissions do not use passports at all. So when we try to assess China Whether it really leads this problem, We can see that there are still too many public disputes. But there is not much time left. I have studied climate models and the outlook is not optimistic. If we want to avoid dangerous environmental changes, There is still a big gap between the current policy and what needs to be done. Leadership is what we urgently need, But for example, the United States cannot be expected. The US government announced in June last year Intention to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, So now people want China to fill this leadership vacuum. Therefore, China has a large degree of initiative. Determine the future of our global environment. They are trading in carbon, Clean energy, the act of air pollution, We can learn a lot. One of the points is that clean energy is not only good for the environment, It can save lives by reducing air pollution. It is also good for the economy. We can see last year, China accounts for global clean energy employment growth 30% of the time. What about the United States? Only 6%. So the picture I just painted for you, Those fuzzy, hazy air quality statistics More clean pictures to China's clean energy Hope looks different. Although China is moving in the right direction, We know that there is still a long way to go before. So let me ask you again: seeing is believing? We can believe in data and statistics The China Air Quality Index shown is improving And has the war against coal been effective? Let's take a look at China's solar installations. The latest satellite image. I want you to take a serious look at this photo. see it? The evidence is on the panda. Thank you. (applaud)