Translator: Ahmed Fatthey Checker: Omar Essam Do you remember a time when you felt the effect of hormones and mood swings? Pimples begin to appear, And your body was growing at strange places and very quickly, At the same time, People would expect you to be mature in this new way. When we were teenagers, right? Well, the same changes happen to a woman when she is pregnant. We know that teenagers naturally feel confused, So why not talk about pregnancy the same way? There are full references to the evolutionary approach of adolescence, While we do not even have a word to describe the transition to motherhood. We need it. I am a psychologist working with women in the pregnancy and postpartum stages, Any specialist psychiatrist in the field of reproduction, During her decade in this field, I noticed a pattern. This is the case: A woman calls me, Have just given birth to a child, She is concerned, "I\'m not good at this," she says. Do I have postpartum depression? " I quickly go into the symptoms of this diagnosis, It is clear to me medically that it is not depressed, He told her so. But it is not reassuring. "It\'s not supposed to be that way," she insists. I say, "Well, what was the feeling you were expecting?" "I thought motherhood would make me feel perfect and happy. I believed that my instincts would tell me instinctively what to do. I thought I would always want my child to be my top priority. " This ... this expectation is not real As the transition to the motherhood stage stimulates feelings. Not only that. I have been in contact with such questions from hundreds of women, They are all concerned that something was wrong, Because they could not be as good as they expected. I did not know how to help them, Because they were told they were not patients They did not feel any improvement. I wanted to find a way to explain that transition was normal, To explain that discomfort is not always synonymous with illness. So I started to learn more about the psychology of motherhood. But in fact there was not much in the medical books, Because doctors often write about diseases. So I resorted to anthropology. It took me two years, but in an article no longer published Written in 1973 by Dana Raphael, I finally found a useful way to structure this conversation: (The transformation of motherhood). It is not a coincidence that the word "orphan" is like the word "adolescence." Both are times in which the body's shape changes and the hormones fluctuate To sharp changes in the way a person feels emotionally And how he belongs to the world. Asthma is not a disease like adolescence, But since it is not in the dictionary of medical words, Doctors do not know people about him, It is confused with a more serious condition Called postpartum depression. My son took what I found in the texts of anthropology I started to talk about the dizziness with my patients Using a concept called "push and pull." Here is the attraction part. As human beings, our children are unique as being opportunists. Unlike other animals, our children do not walk, They can not feed themselves, It is very difficult to take care of them. So we helped develop the hormone called oxytocin. This hormone is excreted at birth Also during skin contact between mother and baby, So it rises even if the child has not yet. Oxytocin helps the brain of the human mother to round and attract its attention, So that the child is now the center of her world. But at the same time the mind begins to push it away, She remembers that there are all these other parts of her identity: Other relationships, her job, Her hobbies, Spiritual and intellectual life, Without the need to mention her physical needs: Sleeping, eating, exercising, Sex, Go to the toilet Alone ... (Laughter) if possible. This is an emotional tug-of-war game that occurs when you move to motherhood. This is the tension felt by the women who were calling me. That's why they think they're sick. If women understand the nature of the progress of the enlargement, If you know that most people find it hard to live under that push and pull, If it is known that under these circumstances, duality is normal and not something to be ashamed of, They will feel less lonely, They will know less shame, I think that will even reduce postpartum depression. I would love to study it. I am a proponent of conversation therapy, So if we change how our culture understands it, that transition to motherhood Women need to talk to each other, And not just with me. So talk about your transition to motherhood With other mothers, with your friends, And with your partner - if you have one - So that they understand their own transition It supports you better. But it's not just about protecting your relationship. When you reserve a separate part of your identity, You make room for your child to develop his own personality. With the birth of a child, Both are unstable in their own way. The great vertigo, But also difficult, This makes him human. thank you. (clap)