Interpreter: jacks peng Proofreader: Ivy D Do you have the experience of breaking the family rules? Today, I am going to break my home. Rules about money, secrets and shame. In 2006, on the 40th birthday of my brother Keith, he called me. "Tami, I am in a difficult situation now. I will not speak out unless it is a last resort. Can I borrow $7,500? " This is not the first time he urgently needs money. But this time, his voice scared me. I have never heard him so depressed and ashamed, And it was on his 40th birthday. After asking a few questions that we usually ask, I agree to borrow his money, but there is one condition: As a family financial expert, I want to see him and his wife, Find out what happened. A few weeks later, we met at the local Starbucks. Then I started a tough budget conversation. "You should sell your house and streamline it to something that can afford it. Sell \u200b\u200bthe toy, Coffee? Don\'t spend $5 a day buying coffee. " These are the consequences of admiring vanity. Soon, my brother and nephew got into a terrible blame of blame. Things started to get out of hand. I am swinging between the therapist and the irritated sister role. I want them to live better. "Oh, you two, cheer up together, They are all parents. Wake up, cheer up. ” After we left, I called my mother. But Keith was the first to take the lead. He told her that I couldn't help. In fact, he was very hurt and felt that no one was standing on his side. Indeed, I humiliated him with a tough budget dialogue. Two months later, I got a call. "Tami, there is bad news. Keith committed suicide last night. " A few days later, at his home, I want to find the answer. In his "office" - garage. There, I found a bunch of expired credit card bills. And a foreclosure notice received on the day of his suicide. My brother left his beautiful 10-year-old daughter. And a smart son, already 18 years old, will graduate from high school in a few weeks. There are also wife who have been with him for 20 years. Why is this happening? My brother is trapped in a cycle of family financial shame, And such a person is far more than one. Middle-aged people aged 40 to 64, suicide rate Since 1999, it has risen by nearly 40%. Unemployment, bankruptcy and loss of foreclosure Appeared in 40% of deaths, Seven of the 10 suicides are middle-aged white males. What I understand is that Our self-destructive and frustrated financial behavior It is not driven by our rational, logical mind. Instead, they are the product of our subconscious belief system. Rooted in our childhood, Follow us deeply. They shape the way we handle money throughout our adult life. Many of you think that you are lazy. Crazy or not smart enough - or not good at earning money. This is what I call money shame. Dr. Bremen Brown, a well-known shame researcher, Define shame as "believe that we are defective, So it’s not worth having a sense of love and belonging. An extremely painful feeling or experience. ” Based on his definition, this is the money shame I defined: "I believe we are defective, So it’s not worth having a sense of love and belonging. Extremely painful feeling or experience, Based on our bank account balance, Our debt, our family, our car And our job title. " Let me give you an example of what I mean. I think we all have money shame, Whether you earn $10,000 or $10 million a year, This is because we have given all the power to the money. If you love someone or you have money shame, There may be such performance. They play big money and always take the initiative to sign. Give money to family and friends. They are economically safe, But living in a long-term state is not abundant. They drive Mercedes-Benz, but the actual budget can only afford a Honda. Every money spent on spending seems to have no effect on life. I know that we can get rid of the shackles of money, Because I have had this experience. Soon after my brother died, the recession began. I lost my business and faced bankruptcy. Privately, I was scared. I stayed at home for a whole year, always thinking that I messed things up, Keep asking yourself, "What the hell have you done? What happened?" I kept silent, but from start to finish, I walked outside with a smile. No one knows what I am experiencing inside - That is money shame. So what I have to do is to admit I will make mistakes myself. I used to be a master of everything at home. I have to give up a new financial plan It is the idea of \u200b\u200bthe solution. Like everything in my life, Someone was sent to help me, I accepted the help, But I have to have a money history for my family. And my money concept Make a major self-reflection. We must start such a dialogue. Money is no longer a taboo topic. We must treat each other honestly, acknowledging that we are suffering from money problems, Let's be realistic - we must stop pretending that everything is fine. To uncover your money story And the painful scars of money history, You can't be numb. In order to be free, we must give up the past. Abandoning the past is by surrender, Faith and forgiveness are realized. Debt is a tangible manifestation of unforgiveness. If you have a debt, you have not fully forgiven your past. So our job is to forgive ourselves and others, In this way we can live freely. Otherwise, our history will repeat itself again and again. This is not a quick solution, I know we all want to take shortcuts, But this is a slow awakening. This is another level of work. We have to take it to the next level to get it, Go and fix it. Try this method: bookkeeping. Your money will immediately show your value. Where did it go? Then ask yourself: Do I really value these things? Pay attention to your feelings when you spend money. Do you feel lonely? Are you bored? Or are you just excited? But there is still a deeper level of work to do. How did your financial views come from? I call this your own autobiography of money. As a money coach, this is the first step I talk to my client. Think back to the memory of your childhood. How do you feel when you get the money? Are you excited, proud or confused? What have you done with money? Are you going to the candy store, or are you saving the bank? You heard what your parents said, See how they treat money? My brother and I have heard that, "More money will make us happy." I can hear it every day. "More money will make us happy." When we see that our mother lives in a long-term incompetent state, Will internalize it into our monetary beliefs, That is, our self-worth is equal to our net worth. She used sugar and shopping to escape the pain. How are we doing it? Keith staged my mother's life. He has insufficient income and is eager to get financial rescue. Self-anesthesia with alcohol. I am the opposite. I became a high-income earner. Rescuer, I use an inspirational book to numb myself. But we have a common belief in money. We all believe in our bank balance It is equal to our self-worth. Looking back at me and my brother’s meeting at Starbucks... He doesn't need to make a budget, nor does he need my judgement. He needs to break the pain he has suffered, He needs my sympathy. Keith can't say his heart, Breaking the cycle of our family’s money shame, So he left me to do the job and share his legacy. Change is difficult, But in my family, not changing is fatal. So I did this job, I experienced an unforgettable forgiveness, When I stood here today, I live with a clear goal. I serve the society and money serves me. Only need a family member, It is possible to break the cycle of family money shame. I hope that you can be this person. Thank you. (applaud)