Translator: Lilian Chiu Interpreter: Helen Chang This is a picture, The picture shows the economic history of human civilization. [The total per capita domestic production of the world in the past 200,000 years] There are not many things on the map. For most of human history, Almost everyone is living with a dollar a day. No big changes. Then, something extraordinary happened: Science and industrial revolution. You just saw almost flat graphics Turned into this. The meaning of this picture is that, in terms of changing the power of the world, We are in an era that has never been seen before in human history. And I think that our ethical understanding has not caught up with these developments. Science and industrial revolution Transforming our understanding of the world And our ability to change the world. What we need is an ethical revolution, So that we can come up with How do we use such a rich resource? To improve the world. In the past ten years, My colleagues and I are developing a plan for philosophy and research. We call it "effective altruism." This project is trying to adapt to these extreme changes in the world. Use evidence and careful inference to try to answer this question: How do we do good deeds? You need to deal with many issues, To solve this problem: Whether through charity, Occupation or participation in politics to do good, Who to invest in, who to work with. But I want to talk about it. It is the most basic problem I think. Among the many problems facing the world, Which one should we focus on first? I want to provide you with an architecture to think about this issue. And this architecture is very simple. The pressing issue with high priority is Big, easy to solve, and neglected. The bigger the better, Because if we can solve this problem, we can get more. It is easier to solve better. Because I can spend less time and money to solve this problem. The most subtle point is that The more neglected the better, the reason is that the reward is diminishing. The more resources that have been invested to solve this problem, The harder it is to make extra progress. The key that I want to leave to you is this architecture. So you can think about it yourself. What is the highest priority in the world? But I am with others in the effective altruistic community. There is already consensus that we believe that there are three ethical issues that are particularly important. The scores obtained in this architecture are particularly high. The first is global health. This issue is super can be solved. With regard to global health, we have amazing records of the past. Measles, cholera, dysentery mortality It has fallen by more than 70%. In 1980, we rooted out smallpox. According to my estimation, this saved more than 60 million lives. Even if world peace can be achieved at that time, Can't save so many people. Based on our current best estimate, As long as you can release a durable mosquito net treated with insecticide, you can save a life. The cost is only a few thousand dollars. This is a great opportunity. The second priority issue is factory farming. This issue has been seriously ignored. Every year, 50 billion land animals are eaten, Most of them are factory cultured, Living conditions are very bad and painful. They may be the most unfortunate creatures on earth, In many cases, we can dramatically improve their lives. Each animal can be used for a few cents. But this issue has been seriously ignored. Number of animals cultured in the factory Three thousand times more than a stray pet on the street. But the charitable funds obtained from factory farming are only one in fifty. This means that if there are additional resources in this area, It can produce the real impact of change. The third area is what I want to talk about most. This is the category of survival risk: Events like nuclear war or global epidemics, Can make civilization derailed forever, Or even lead to the extinction of mankind. Let me use this architecture to explain why I think This is a high priority issue. First of all, size. How bad would it be if the catastrophe of life and death happened? Ok, It will involve the survival of all seven billion people on the planet. Including everyone you know and you love. This tragedy is too big to imagine. But not only that, It also means that the potential of humanity in the future will be limited. And I believe that human potential is great. Humans have existed for about 200,000 years, If humans can live as long as typical mammalian species, It will last for about two million years. If the whole human being is regarded as a single individual, Human beings are only ten years old now. In addition, humans are not typical mammalian species. If we are careful, We can't be extinct for only two million years. For the next 500 million years, the Earth will still be habitable. If one day, we can go to other planets, Civilization can continue for billions of years. So I think the future will be very big, But will the future be good? Is humanity really worth protecting? Well, we always hear people say things are getting worse, But I think that in the long run, Everything is completely better. For example, this is the life expectancy of each period. This is the proportion of the population who are not living in extremely poor conditions of living. This is the number of countries that have legalized homosexuality in various periods. This is the number of democracies in each period. When we look to the future, we will find that there is still a lot to be gained. We will be rich, We can solve many of today's tough problems. If you look at the better level of all mankind over time, This picture is a kind of human progress map. Then we expect future progress to be like this. It is very vast. Take this as an example. We do not expect anyone to live a life of extreme poverty by this time. Here, we expect everyone to Better than the richest people today. Maybe here, we will find out how to manage our world. Basic natural law. Maybe here, we will find a new art form, We have no way of hearing the music at present. This is only the next few thousand years. Once we think of a farther time, We can't even imagine how high human achievement can be. So the future may be very big or it may be very good, But will we lose this value in some way? Unfortunately, I think it is possible. In the past two centuries, tremendous technological progress has taken place. But it also brings the global risks of nuclear war, And the possibility of extreme climate change. When we look at the next few centuries, We should expect to see the same pattern again. We can see some very powerful technologies coming soon. Synthetic biology may allow us to create A virus with unprecedented infectivity and lethality. Earth engineering may allow us to dramatically change the Earth's climate. Artificial intelligence may allow us to create Can be a better intelligent agent than us. I am not saying that these risks are particularly likely to happen. But when the bet is so high, Even a very low chance is very important. Imagine if you were going to the plane and you were nervous, And the driver said this to assure you: "The chance of a crash is only one in a thousand. Don\'t worry." Do you feel at ease? For these reasons, I believe that protecting the future of mankind It is one of the most important issues we face today. But let's continue to use this architecture. Is this problem ignored? I think the answer is "Yes". That is because it will affect the problems of future generations. Usually seriously ignored. why? Because people in the future are not involved in today's market. They have no voting rights. There is no lobbying representative The interests of the 2,300-year-old born. They cannot influence the decisions we make today. They can't speak. That means that we invest very little on these issues: Prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons, Earth engineering, biological hazards, Artificial intelligence security. All these issues are only received every year. Tens of millions of dollars in charitable funds. This number is relatively small, because the total amount of charity in the United States It is 390 billion US dollars. Then, the last aspect of the architecture: Is it solvable? I believe so. You can contribute your money, Your career, or your political participation. If you invest money, you can fund the organization. Let them focus on these risks, Such as the Nuclear Threat Initiative, What it is doing is not to let the nuclear weapons stand in a state of alert. Or the "Blue Ribbon Group", which is doing development policy, Minimize the impact of natural and man-made epidemics, Or "Human-compatible Artificial Intelligence Center", which is doing technical research, Ensure that the AI \u200b\u200bsystem is safe and reliable. If you are investing in political participation, You can vote for candidates who care about these risks, You can also support greater international cooperation. If you are engaged in a career, you can do a lot. Of course, we need scientists, policy makers, and organizational leaders, But equally important, We also need accountants, managers and assistants. Work in these organizations that can handle these issues. Effective altruistic research project Still in the early stages, There are still many things we don't know. But, as far as we know, We can see that if we can think carefully, And focus on big problems that can be solved and ignored. We can be in the next few thousand years, It really makes a big difference and changes the world. Thank you. (applause)