Translator: OLDEA MAMO Reviewer: Helena Bedalli They loved her as an apprentice, like a rag doll, practically broken, like a limb without love, a boring exaggeration recital. They loved it down. And up. Flat and wide. Filled with all their void. They wanted her to be more like them. Not knowing that her reasoning was unacceptable. Since she was born in the river waters that carried the smell of Santalwood, with the tongue of honey sapphire, it was an excessive morsel for gossip. Just a small amount of it was more than they could afford. Oh, they loved her. And barren. Monotone, non-African, culture-free, surrounded by roads. They wanted their face down, their ankles up, their handcuffed hands and their wrists tied. They wanted it knowing that she could never want it back. Oh, they wanted it sacred, baptized into her divinity, they wanted her secrets, pearls for pigs. They wanted to choose the mystery of its design. Enchanted by the glory, fascinated by her race. Oh, they wanted it complete. They loved it all, even though they came apart, half-hearted, half-souled, without consideration and knowledge of who she really was. Oh, if they knew. Had they known it, praise songs would fall like rain from their eyes clouds, clarifying the vision, shaking the heart. They would humble themselves every time they saw it. They would show the best of themselves when it was around. Had they known it, to know that it was the trap of their revolution, the flow of blood through their veins. Had they known it, she would know, she would feel that her body is more than a battlefield. More than bone breakage and bloody bias. More than a bridge over your worried conscience. More than used, humiliated, slammed, shot. More than your "Selma, Lord, Selma" Edmund Pettus. More than your killer Katrina Danziger. More than your breasts out of Baltimore "The Highway Towards Nowhere." Had they known it, she would know. (Singing) Wild women, wild women, they walk with shit. They have lightning in their tongues, fly egg whisk as a gun. Wild women, they walk with the machete. Wisely, elegance and ease. Wild women have hurricanes in their bellies, releasing the flood as a lesson. Oh, wild women, they fly inexpensive. Just look at their ways, how they rip and break. Oh, and who can understand it, this woman who comes from the Niger River winds who is not afraid to be hooligans just spruce and then smell. The one that speaks between furish and cyclones throwing us back to high ground, in high consciousness, it turns and the world is back. Feel it as it revolves, overcoming some longevity. Listen as he speaks, sparking alarm sparks. See her dancing, as she calls the dead, as it revives a new life. Paradise hears her knocking at the door, by safely transporting those seeking their help. Wild women, they open portals to new worlds, new lecture, new dreams. Oh dear dear, so kindly dead by the guardian's ways, be carefull. Because wild women are not to be softened. Just to be admired. Simply hospitalize and witness how to add colors to your days. (Applause) (Applause) Thank you. (Applause)