Translator: Lilian Chiu Interpreter: Helen Chang If there is a city in the world It's hard to find a place to sell or rent, That is Sydney. If you have recently tried to find a home here, You will be familiar with this issue. Whenever you walk into the open house, You can get some information and know what is there, And what is on the market; But whenever you come out, You risk losing the best option. So, how do you know when to switch from "look" to Ready to propose trading conditions? This is a cruel and familiar question. Surprisingly, its solution is simple. 37%. (laughter) If you want to maximize your chances of finding the best option, You have to see 37% of all the choices on the market, When you go to the next place, you will propose the terms of the transaction. It will be better than all the options you have seen so far. Or, if you have to spend a month looking for it, take 37% of that time - That is 11 days, to set the standard - Then you can prepare for action. We know that we have to do this because we are trying to find a house. This is an example of the "best stop problem." This type of problem has been a mathematician And computer scientists are widely studied. I am a computational cognitive scientist. I spend my time learning How the human brain works, From achieving great success to frustrating failure. To do this, I have to think The computational structure of everyday problems, And the ideal solution for those problems Compare with our real behavior. It has a side effect, I can see the application of a little computer science How to make human decision making easier. I do this, there is a private motive behind it. I grew up in Perth and used to be an overly sensible child... (laughter) I always try to do things in a way that I think is reasonable. Every decision must be inferred. Trying to figure out which approach to take is the best. But this method can't be used more widely, When you start to encounter problems in adult life, It will not be used. I once even planned to break up with my girlfriend. The reason is that I tried to consider her preferences and my preferences. To find the perfect solution - (laughter) I am really exhausted. (laughter) She pointed out that when I solved this problem Use the wrong way - Later she became my wife. (laughter) (applause) Whether it is a very basic question, such as deciding which restaurant to go to eat, Or a very important question, such as deciding who to spend the rest of your life with, Life is full of computing problems. It is very difficult to solve by hard work. Those problems Worth consulting experts: Computer scientist. (laughter) When you want to seek life advice, The person you want to ask first is probably not a computer scientist. Live your life like a computer - Stereotyped determinism, exhaustive, and precise – It sounds really not fun. But think about the computer science of human decision making, We will find that, in fact, we reversed the direction. When applied in life When those difficult problems are on, The way the computer actually solves those problems It looks a lot like the way people really use it. Take the decision to go to which restaurant to eat as an example. This problem has a specific computational structure. You have a set of options, You have to choose one of those options, And you will face the exact same decision tomorrow. In that case, What you encounter is what computer scientists call "The trade-off of exploration/utilization." You have to make a decision, Decide if you want to try new options - Go "explore" and collect some future Information that may be used - Or do you want to choose a place that you already know is good - "Using" the information you have collected so far. The trade-offs of exploration/utilization will appear every time You have to choose between new options and options that you already know are good. Maybe listening to music, Or try to decide who you want to kill time with. This is also a problem that technology companies will face. For example, when deciding what ads to put on a web page, this problem is encountered. Should they post new ads and get some information from them? Or they should show it to you One of them already knows the ads you are likely to click on? In the past sixty years, Computer scientists are learning about the trade-offs of exploration/utilization. There is quite a lot of progress, Their results brought some amazing insights. When you want to try to decide which restaurant to go to, You should first ask yourself a question: How long will you stay in town? If you are just a short stay, Then you should "use". There is no point in collecting information. Go straight to a place you already know is good. But if you stay longer, just "explore." Try new options because of the information you get from it May help you make better choices in the future. The more likely you are to use a piece of information, The value of this information will increase. This principle can also assist us. Insight into human life. Your baby is usually not very rational. They are always trying new things, You know, always put new things in your mouth. But, in fact, they really should do this. They are in the exploration stage of life. Some of the things they try may be really delicious. At the other end of the spectrum, Are old people, they always go to the same restaurant, Always order the same food, Not boring, It is an optimized choice. (laughter) He is using his experience in his life. The knowledge that has been gained. More generally, knowing that there is a trade-off between exploration/utilization, It will make you more relaxed when making decisions. Don't be too harsh on yourself. You don't need to go to the best restaurant every night. Take a risk, try a new restaurant and explore. What you might learn. And the information you got The value is definitely better than a good dinner. At home or in other parts of the office, Computer science can also make us more relaxed. If you have to organize your wardrobe, You will come across a particularly annoying decision: You have to decide what to leave, What should be given. It turned out that Martha Stewart spent a lot of time thinking about it - (laughter) She has some good advice. She said: "Ask yourself four questions: How long have I been holding it? Does it still have a function? Is it the same as something I already have? When was the last time I wore it or used it? " But there is another group of experts I spent more time thinking about this problem, They will say that one of these issues is more important than the others. Who are those experts? The person who designed the computer memory system. Most computers have two memory systems: Fast memory system, Like a set of memory chips, with limited capacity, Because those chips are expensive, There is also a slow memory system, which has a much larger capacity. In order to maximize the performance of the computer, You will want to make sure that you want to access the information It's in the fast memory system so you can get it quickly. Whenever you access a piece of information, It will be loaded into the fast memory, The computer has to decide which item to remove from the fast memory. Because of its limited capacity. Computer scientists have tried several different strategies over the years. To determine what to remove from the fast memory. They have tried random selection methods. I have also tried to adopt the principle of "first in, first out". In other words, the oldest item in the memory is removed. However, the most effective strategy, It is to target the least used projects in the near future. The strategy is that if you have to remove something from your memory, You should choose the last time the last time you used it. There is some logic behind this. If you last accessed that information, it’s been a long time ago. The time you need to access it next time It should be a long time later. Your wardrobe is like the memory of a computer. Your capacity is limited, You have to put in what you are most likely to use, This way you can get them as soon as possible. After recognizing this, It may also be worth trying to apply the "least recently used" principle. To organize your wardrobe. If we go back to Martha’s four questions, Computer scientists will say that among these problems, The last question is the most important. When tidying things, make you most likely The idea of \u200b\u200bneeding the most easy access, It can also be applied to your office. Japanese economist Noguchi Yukio Really invented a file system with this feature. He started with a paper box, He put his documents into the box from left to right. Whenever he puts in a file, he has to move the files in the box. The newly placed file can be placed on the left side of the box. Whenever he needs to use a document, he will take it out. Put it back to the far left after use. The result is that the files will be arranged from left to right. The far left is the most recently used. After he found this row, he just started from the left side of the box. Looking straight to the right, you can quickly find the file he is looking for. Before you rush home to import this file system - (laughter) It's worth thinking about it first, you may already have this system. (laughter) The stack of paper on your desk... It’s usually said by others that it’s a mess. It’s actually a stack of paper with a perfect organization system – (laughter) As long as you take out a piece of paper each time, When it is used up, it will be put back to the top of the stack of paper. Then the stack of papers is arranged in order from top to bottom. The top one is the most recently used, You start looking at the top of the stack of paper, It may be possible to quickly find what you want. Organize your wardrobe or your desk It may not be the most pressing issue in your life. Sometimes the problem we need to solve is very, very difficult. But even in those cases, Computer science can also provide some strategies, Maybe it can provide some comfort. The best algorithm is to be in the shortest possible time. Make the most reasonable move. When the computer is facing difficult problems, They are handled by turning those problems into simpler ones - Practices include the use of randomness, Remove the restriction or allow an approximation. Solve those simpler problems, Can provide you with insights about the original difficult issues, Sometimes, you can create a good solution yourself. Knowing all this makes it easy for me to make decisions. You can use the 37% rule when looking for a house as an example. You can't take all the options into consideration. So you have to take risks. Even if you follow an optimization strategy, There is no guarantee that you will get the best results. If you follow the 37% rule, The chance that you can find the best place is - very funny…… (laughter) It is 37%. Most of the time, you will fail. But the best you can do is this. In the end, computer science will help us More forgive yourself. You can't control the results, you can only control the process. As long as you have used the best process, You have done your best. Sometimes the best process will take a risk – For example, don't consider all the options, Or willing to compromise, accepting is a good solution. These are not concessions that we make when we are not rational – They are the true union of reason. thank you all. (applause)