Translator: Lilian Chiu Interpreter: Helen Chang Simmon George: When I met Mark, he was just blind. I was going to return to my hometown to settle in Dublin. Before that, I was wandering long distances, when I was in my twenties, The education I receive at school is the human rights and equality that I am interested in. I also traveled the world like my nomadic grandmother. During the two years of work in Madrid, Many nights I danced in the Sasang Club and jumped to the morning. When I met Mark, he asked me to teach him to dance. I taught. Those times are very happy, talking at night, We become friends and eventually fall in love with each other. Mark was blind when he was twenty-two. I met him eight years later, he was rebuilding his identity. The cornerstone of identity is this great spirit, This spirit took him to the Gobi Desert and ran six marathons in seven days. He also ran an Arctic marathon and a marathon running from the Mount Everest base. I asked him, what made his life so energetic? He quoted Nietzsche's words: "As long as people live and live, they can withstand almost any suffering." He saw this quote in a very beautiful book, The title of the book is "Live a Meaning", the author is Frank. He is a neurologist and a psychiatrist. Spend many years in the Nazi concentration camp and survive. Frank quoted Nietzsche's sentence to explain to the reader When we can’t change our situation, We can challenge to change ourselves. Mark Pallock: In the end, I did rebuild my identity. For me, my "why live" is to be able to compete again. Because of the risk of pursuing success and risking failure, It is the way that makes me feel normal. When I finished the reconstruction, It is the tenth anniversary of my blindness. I took part in a 43-day adventure cross-country race. The location is the coldest, most remote, and most challenging place on earth. This is a hundred years ago, Shekton, Scott and Amanson. The first Antarctic event after boarding Antarctica. With every step towards the ground, I left the blind demon behind me. This game gave me a long-lasting satisfaction. I found that I really need to reserve that satisfaction. Because after I returned a year later, It can be said that it is the safest place on earth, In the bedroom of a friend’s house, I fell from the third floor high window to the concrete floor below. I don't know how it happened. I think I should get up and go to the bathroom. Because I can't see it, I used to Hold the wall with your hands to find the way. That night, I touched an open space, which should have been a closed window. I rolled over and fell out. When my friend found me, I thought I was dead. When I was taken to the hospital, the doctor thought I was dead, When I knew what happened to me, I thought death might be... May be the best result. Lying in the intensive care unit, Facing the future, it may be both blind and embarrassing. Coupled with high doses of morphine, I tried to find a good reason for what happened. One night, I was lying flat. I touched my phone with my hand. Want to write a blog, Trying to explain how I should react. Does the article name be "optimist, realist, or other?" The article uses the experience of Admiral Stoddir. He was a prisoner of war during the Vietnam War. He was imprisoned and tortured for seven years. His situation is hopeless, but he survives. The optimists did not survive. They said, "We can go out by Christmas." Then Christmas is coming, Christmas is over, The next Christmas is coming again, When they didn't really go out, they became very disappointed and discouraged. Many of them died in their cells. Stodil is a realist. His inspiration comes from a persevering philosopher. He is facing the cruel facts of his situation, While maintaining faith, I believe he will eventually win. In that blog, I tried to put his realist ideas Apply to my increasingly hopeless situation. After I fell, there were months, My heart infection, kidney infection, struggling on the edge of life and death, I and Simeng faced a very important issue: How to eliminate the tension between acceptance and hope? This is the theme we want to explore with you. Xi: After I received the call, I immediately boarded my first flight to the UK. Arrived in a brightly lit intensive care unit, Mark was lying naked, only covered with a thin sheet of paper. The machine is attached to him to monitor if he is still alive. I said, "I am coming, Mark." He shed tears, as if those tears were reserved for me. I really want to hug him, but I can't move him. So I kissed him by kissing my newborn baby. I am afraid of hurting them. Later that afternoon, we heard bad news: Skull rupture, cerebral hemorrhage, and possibly aortic rupture, There are also two breaks in the spine. There is no feeling below the waist and it is impossible to move. Mark said to me: "Come here. You have to keep yourself as far away as possible from this. " I tried to figure out what he was saying. I thought to myself, "How did you do it?" (laughter) "We can\'t do this now." So, I asked him: "Are you going to break up with me?" (laughter) He said: "Listen, you choose to accept blind, but this is not the case." I replied: "We don\'t even know what the situation is. But I know that when the person I love is still in the intensive care unit, I can\'t handle this kind of breakup. " (laughter) Therefore, I used the negotiation skills and suggested that we make an agreement. I said, "As long as you still need me, I will stay with you. As long as your back recovery needs me. When you no longer need me, let\'s talk about our relationship. " It's like a contract, and it's likely to be updated every six months. (laughter) He agreed, and I stayed. In fact, I even refused to go home and pack some things. I slept on his bed. When he can eat, his food is made by me. We cry every day, sometimes he cries, sometimes I cry, sometimes we cry together. I am doing all the complicated decisions with the doctor. I climbed into the raging river that rushed to Mark. At the first bend of the river, Mark’s surgeon told us that If Mark could not recover the movements and feelings within the first 12 weeks, It may no longer be possible to recover in the future. So, I sat next to his bed and started to study why After this so-called "spinal cord injury" period, There is no recovery, no treatment, no recovery, no hope. The Internet has become the gateway to another magical world. I write an email to the scientist, They broke the pay wall, Send me articles from medical journals and scientific journals directly. I read and "Superman" actor Christopher Levy All the information about what happened after the fall, The accident of falling off the horse made him squat and qi cut. Christopher broke the 12-week spell; In the years after his accident, he recovered some movements and feelings. He dreams of not using the world of wheelchairs. Christopher and the scientists he works with make us full of hope. Ma: You must know that spinal cord injury directly hits the bull's eye. The meaning of attacking life and being human. It takes me from standing upright, running in the form Turned into me who compromised in a sitting position. It’s not just that you feel less and move. 瘫痪 also affects the internal system of the body, The purpose is to survive the system. Multiple infections, neuralgia, paralysis, and shortened life are common. These even exhausted the most determined of the 60 million people in the world. Stayed in the hospital for 16 months, The expert opinion that I and Xi Meng got is: There is evidence that "I hope to be cured" can cause psychological damage. Just like a formal medical system Just cancel the hope and let the patient accept the fate. But canceling hope completely violates everything we believe. Yes, in history, until this point, It has been proven that 瘫痪 is unsolvable, But there are also many possibilities in history. Through human efforts, it becomes possible. At the end of the last century, it was the kind of human effort. The kind of effort that the explorer went to the South Pole. That kind of human effort, Will be able to bring adventurers to Mars in the early part of this century. So, we started asking: "Why can the same human effort not cure the shackles in our lives?" Xi: We really believe that it is ok. My research tells us, We have to remind Mark that the damaged and dormant spinal cord It was originally standing upright and running. We found an engineer at San Francisco Ekso Bionics. In the Dublin lab we started building This mechanical exoskeleton was created to allow Mark to stand and walk. Mark became the first individual to have an exoskeleton. Since then, he and the robot have gone more than a million steps. (applause) It’s still too early to celebrate, because that’s not enough. Everything is done by robots, We have to pick up Mark. So we connect engineers in San Francisco. And truly visionary, Dr. Reggie Ajton, of Los Angeles, He is the most beautiful person, His team's commitment to life has brought about a scientific breakthrough. Using electrical stimulation of the spinal cord, Many subjects have been able to stand, Therefore, it can restore some movements and feelings. the most important is, Also restored some of the internal functions of the body, A function used to survive and make people a pleasure. We believe that electrical stimulation of the spinal cord It is the first meaningful treatment for the deaf. Of course, San Francisco engineers And scientists at UCLA Know each other and know what each other is doing. But what often happens is that When we are busy When creating breakthrough scientific research, They have not yet joined together. Now, this seems to be our job. So we contributed to the first cooperation, At the moment we combined Mark’s spinal cord electrical stimulation, When he walks with his mechanical exoskeleton, It’s like the moment when the iron man puts on the mini reaction furnace on his chest. Suddenly he became a different thing with the steel. Ma: Xi Meng, my robot, and me Moved into the lab at UCLA for three months. Every day, Reggie and his team Will connect the electrodes to the skin on my lower back. Sending electricity into my spinal cord, stimulating my nervous system, At the same time I used my exoskeleton to walk. That was the first time after my death. I can feel the feet of my lower body. Usually not felt - (applause) thank you all. (applause) That's not a general feeling, but when the stimulator is turned on, When my exoskeleton stood up, my feet felt very real. I can feel my muscles on my leg bones. When I walk, because of the excitement, I am able to move my feet on my own. When I can do more, the robot is smart to do with less. My heart rate is normal, every minute Training interval from 140 to 160, I have almost all gone muscles It is gradually coming back. Standard tests done in the process, I am lying flat, I fell from the window and squatted Twelve weeks, six months, and three years have passed. Scientists start the stimulation, I pulled my knee to my chest. (Video) Men: Good, start, come, come, come, come. Very good, very good, very good. Xi: Right, right, continue, mark, continue, come, come, come, come, wow! (applause) (laughter) Xi: Well done! (applause) Ma: Do you know, I have been saying to Simmon this week, If we can forget this thing, So the past few years have been really exciting. (laughter) The problem is that we are still not very forgotten about this. Obviously we are not over yet, Because when we leave the experimental study, Back to Dublin, I am going home in a wheelchair. I am still embarrassed and blind. At that time, we mainly focused on the shackles, But at this conference, We still want to know if anyone has a way to cure blindness. Then we want it too. (laughter) (applause) But if you remember the blog I mentioned, It raises a question: how do we react, Optimists, realists, or others? I think we gradually learned that optimists only rely on hope. The risk they have to take is disappointment and discouragement. On the other hand, realists Accept cruel facts while still retaining hope. Realists have ways to eliminate the tension between acceptance and hope, The practice is to let the two go in parallel. In the past few years, I and Xi Meng have been trying to do this. I accept a wheelchair - I mean, it is almost impossible not to accept. Sometimes, we feel sad about what we have lost. I can accept the life that I and other wheelchair users can and do lively. Although suffering from neuralgia, paralysis, infection, And shortened life. I also accept that everything is more difficult for people who are jealous from below the neck. There are people who want to breathe through the respirator, And people who cannot get proper, free health care. That is why we also want to have another life, The life we \u200b\u200bcreated to create therapy through cooperation. We are very active and want to Therapies released from university laboratories around the world, And want to share with anyone who needs it. Xi: When I met Mark, he was just blind. He asked me to teach him to dance, and I taught. One night, after the dance class, In front of his house, I turned and said good night to him. Also said good night with his great guide dog Larry. I know, turn off all the lights in the apartment before I leave. Just throw him in the dark. I suddenly burst into tears when I couldn’t control it. I tried to hide, but he knew. He hugged me and said, "Oh, poor dreams. You returned to 1998, when I was blind. Don\'t worry, the end result is okay. " Accept is to know that mourning is a raging river. You have to step into the river. Because when you do this, it will take you to the next place. It will eventually take you to an open land. There, in the end, everything will be fine. This is really a love story. a kind of love that is broad, rich, and deeply satisfied, Give our fellow human beings and everyone in this creation. Science is love. Everyone we meet in this field They just want to push their research from the workbench to people's lives. And our job is to help them do it. Because when we do this, We and everyone around us in this creative act Will be able to say: "We have done it. Then we dance." (movie) (music) Xi: Thank you all. (applause) Mark: Thank you all. (applause) thank you all. (applause)