Translator: Lilian Chiu Interpreter: Yanyan Hong These two Kenyan women are the best friends. Living in an adjacent village, But they no longer meet each other, it’s really not a decade to see. Because both of them are blinded by a curable disease, they are cataracts. When we propose to have them undergo surgery in the nearest hospital, After an hour, they didn't find a good friend and sat next to them. Jane, the one on the right, tells me Her biggest fear is that she will be poisoned. a grandson she has never seen before, Because she couldn't see what she was cooking for him. Her arms are burnt caused by burning in a carbon stove. And she felt desperate and felt that she had taken away the six-year-old grandson’s childhood. Because he is actually her eyes. Her blindness affects more than one generation. He can't go to school or break the cycle of poverty. This is still the case despite a cost-effective solution. Cataract surgery can be completed in less than ten minutes. The price is only $100. Of the five blind people, four should not be blind; Both curative and preventive therapies already exist. Jane and her friends are very lucky. A donor provided treatment, Let us take them to the nearest hospital, Just three hours away. But in the same clinic, I met Teresa, She is a shy young woman who can't look into my eyes. Not because she can't see, But because her eyes grow a winged sepal, Meaning that she lost her confidence, With confidence, she also lost her position in the community. She does not expect to marry and have children at all. And completely excluded. I know how to treat her condition; the method is quite straightforward. But the funds we can get have strict instructions. Can only be used for people with cataracts. What can I do? Ignore her? My wife and I managed to raise money for her treatment. But things like Teresa happen every day, These people got the wrong disease. What I call "wrong disease" Refers to those diseases that are not included in the funding allocation. In theory, it seems to be a smart business or a smart charity. But when you look at the patient's eyes, this is unreasonable. However, we have provided health care to millions of people around the world. I have been thinking about this for a long time. I happened one thing when I was twelve, and changed my life. My teacher insisted that I was going to do an eye exam. I have been very resistant for many years, I can flash, As the only brown skin boy in school, I already feel like a chocolate chip in rice pudding. I really have no interest in finding out the difference between me and others. I will associate eyesight with glasses. And it looks different, Instead of associating to see more clearly. In the end, when I was persuaded to go to check, The optometrist asked me to put on the test lens. I am surprised that my vision is so bad. He wants me to go out and tell him what I can see. I still remember looking up and saw the leaves on the trees. I never knew this before. Not long after the same week, I saw the stars in the night sky for the first time. That scene made me suffocate. In fact, the entire track of my life has changed. I used to be considered lazy in school. Lu snake child with inattention, Suddenly became a child with opportunities and potential. But I soon discovered that this opportunity is not for everyone. In the summer of the same year, in Egypt, That is, my parents’ original hometown, I am with the children who look like me. But I am very different from them. The difference between us is the opportunity. Why can I have this kind of life, but what is their life like that? I still feel unreasonable. Why are we - Completely changed the glasses of my life, In fact, it has existed for seven hundred years in the world. Why are there still 2.5 billion people who can't get glasses? This profound sense of injustice drove me into a doctor. Eventually became an ophthalmologist, In 2012, my wife and I moved to Kenya. Try to give back in some way. We started in the Great Rift Valley in East Africa. One hundred eye clinics, There, we met people like Jane and Teresa. We set up a new organization called Peek Vision. Is a social enterprise, we develop smart phone technology, Let people in the community Find people in their homes, The most vulnerable, neglected ethnic group, We will also create new tools that make it easier to diagnose them. Link them to the service. The inspiration comes from the difficulties I encountered when I was young. So we found twenty-five teachers to provide their smart phones. Screen children at school. Our first project result, It was screening 21,000 children in nine days. The same project continued to be copied and executed, reaching 200,000 children. That is, all children in the entire district. We will soon be in six new projects in different countries. Repeat this practice. But now, the problem I am facing is similar to that in the Teresa case. The use of funds for funding purposes, But now it is replaced by an organization. Everyone will want to fund a specific project plan. Or a specific disease, Or a certain part of the population. But this is not reasonable, Because what we need to do is to build a great team, This team needs to be able to create systems, To change the lives of millions of people, no matter what their needs are. But it doesn't work that way. We quickly formed an alliance with our understanding partners. Because I know where the difficult challenges are. In the end, you have to trust your money investment, And the way trust is expressed is usually through demand. The need to build detailed plans, a lot of paperwork. But if people’s dynamic needs Does not match the plan you have established, And what should you do if your money depends on the realization of the plan? You finally have to make a choice: You are to meet the plan, that is, the funder, Or to meet the needs? This should not be the choice we need to make. Because in the end, we can only serve one master. The measure of human nature, It is how we serve the most vulnerable of us. Currently, this system is useless and too many people are left behind. We are very fortunate to find great supporters and partners. This led to a new project in Pozhana. This project is for all schoolchildren. Screening and treatment are available before the end of 2021, In other words, children of the entire generation Both will have opportunities for good vision. But it took many years of work. Do a lot of feasibility studies, Use different partners, stakeholders, Business case, economic analysis, Finally convinced the government to join. Now they are leading and funding this matter with their own national budget. But we have no resources to do this. We have visionary funders and partners to help us, And the key element is that we are allied by our mission. Allied because of the reason for doing this. We all agree on the results and what to do. But, what’s important is that they are flexible and can give us autonomy. To find a way to achieve the goal, Give us space to be creative, show ambition, and take risks. If all health care is like this? What does it mean for all the social causes we are trying to solve? Businesses know this. Adopt a long-term, ambitious perspective, Give everyone autonomy and creativity, To solve one of our biggest challenges in the world, We have disrupted the entire industry. Look at Amazon, Google. Of course, we need the same ambitions, If we are going to serve the most vulnerable people in our society. We have set a goal on our planet, "Sustainable Development Goals", But the cost we spend on dealing with global goals, Less than half of the cost of resolving conflicts, Most of the conflicts are caused by inequalities that we do not intend to serve. It is time to change. It's not just common sense - it makes sense in business. According to our research in Pozhana, For modest investments, The economy will add $1.3 billion to a child's life. The investment profit is one hundred and fifty times. But part of the problem is that it will generate value in the future. But we need money now to achieve it. It turned out that this is not a new problem. Banks have been solving this problem for centuries. Simply put, it is called financing. If you want to buy a house, But you can't afford it, you can't pay it first. Bank financiers can now know the value of the future. In other words, you can live in the house right away. But what if you can't? If you have to raise all the necessary money to move into the house, The process of saving money in order to move into the house What are you going to be homeless? You will fall into an impossible cycle and never reach your goal. However, we put ourselves in such a dilemma. The change in Pozhana brings us inspiration. Plus our sponsors and partners provide far-sighted support, We work together – two of the world’s top banks, For-profit and private, non-profit organizations, Foundations and philanthropists - Launched the Promotion of Vision Fund together. The fund itself has trust. It can now provide funding to the organization, To meet the needs of the most vulnerable people. It will ensure that those organizations can cooperate, Instead of competing for limited funds, To meet the priority needs of everyone, Regardless of who is referring to everyone, In the end, the affected individuals You can get the care they deserve. As we explained earlier, It is not just about creating differences in health and society, It also creates great economic benefits. The benefits themselves will create sustainability, Let the benign promotion cycle of improvement and change last forever. Because when we do this, Individual needs of people like me can be met. This alliance has been formed this year. And with 53 heads of government, made a commitment, They are now committed to taking action, Strive to move towards a high quality eye care for everyone. We have got some great promises, Including providing 200 million pairs of glasses to the fund, There are millions of dollars in funding, In this way, everyone's dynamic individual needs - Like my childhood problem, Or like Teresa who only needs simple surgery - Can be satisfied. The significance for Teresa is that she can get back her status in society. Now she has her own family and children. For Jane, she not only restored her vision, She also has the opportunity to regain hope, Regain joy, And regained dignity. (music) thank you all. (applause)