Translator: sann tint Reviewer: Myo Aung For nearly 20 years since 9/11. We stopped to consider the stand to consider Time. Time to ask yourself, Sadly, after lunch We were supposed to be The policies We were actually more secure. Both Europe and the United Nations in our society And more robust. My whole life has been working in the field of security and defense Now more than ever, I believe How to think about the safety of the images was a fundamental need to draft Especially regarding international security. International security, I mean we are doing. External threats How to respond better prepared to protect our country, How to protect the citizens. In both primary And to focus on the protection of civilians. our countries We both where security. Now, this concept is more than 20 years ago, we had What kind of security, This is how to make the Fixed narrative and rice. But the narrative is more defective and has counter effects soldered. More than 20 years ago Both the United States and Europe He was defeated, I came to accept the security that must be discussed Value, Adjustment ပုိ security right is the only way to get Security and human rights, Security and freedom, Development This is wrong opposed. Does this kind of work. Security and Human Rights We need to acknowledge this would have the opposite values These relate. In the end some of the most basic human rights And to non-violence and the right to survive The country's most basic responsibility And to guarantee the rights of citizens. Conversely, they were affected by wars and conflicts around the world If you think about society This is their full freedom The successful growth of insecurity and prevent violence. Now they are like my basic needs security I want them to live a normal life To enjoy human rights. So we need to change. Building on a cornerstone of human rights We need to recognize that the safety of sustainability. Construction, And to promote human rights In addition, more than a decade ago The best way to guarantee our security The fight against the enemies To do this, the military accepted the need to rely on fresh fruit. In addition, this is my job, I only saw the outside of the research and Conflict. I was the sole sustainable building safety Crush enemies and very kind, Conquer the battlefield and less Victims of disaster and much more Building stability. To do this, a single military Enough is not enough. This is never the end of the War on Terror to shelve The protection of civilians from the policy-driven Safety plans to replace this. They were either Left hand holding passport Where to stay Vancouver New York, Kabul, Mosul, Aleppo () Douma. Lasting security is stated in foreign civilian defense It is focused on the activity of their lives meaningful, To survive without violence, to make sure that it would be The country could be more to their own long-term security. For example, a win ISIS security developments All known. Absolutely yes. But the land was damaged housing construction Stabilization, Represent the political system to make sure world Even more does not matter Iraq and Syria to the security of the civilians ... We were incredibly intelligent and global stability, the same bush. The more fundamental ISIS is not the holder of a number of weapons and dangerous Which is extracted from the schools he or policy, the number of children Attribution. This is from a security point of view. From a security point of view Syrian rather than the millions of children in the school knew the war Grew up a generation of long-term effects. This is ISIS's weapons rather than collective Stability risks When the ISIS military counter threats I'm using a lot of time. Over the past decade, our security policy in the world. The focus of the current period. According to the security of making our choices today The long-term effects Contact tried to systematically sidelined. Years later, 9/11 Our implementation Some of these choices, some policy In the long run, make us more secure. Sustain the civilian-centric security It could happen in the long run you need to see. For instance, the distance again Targeted to those who rely on drone weapons. The attack on the United States လုလု threat To make sure the weapons (to reduce). But the long-term effects of too much. Civilians killed If people are being targeted This is a war, conflict, Protector You may feel the cycle of extremism. In this cycle, our security challenges faced by today's At the center. This will not be more secure over the long term. We need a civilian security, Need to sustain civilian-centric security We need to do this now. Around this concept of thought, to encourage research, This is the need to comply with glue. They are in a dangerous world, With lots of peace and conflict threatened. Similarly with the day after 9/11 We can not afford to think about international security. However, the need to learn the lessons of the past 20 years. To understand this security We need to focus on the long-term. We need to protect civilians. Sustain security on the foundation of human rights We need to recognize and respect the fact that building. Otherwise secure suggest Than we had already found Much more dangerous As a more stable place Used to forsake the world. Thank you. (Applause)