Translated by: Mohamed Emad Checker: Hani Eldalees About two and a half years ago, I watched a movie called (Hia). This film features Samantha, a form of highly intelligent artificial intelligence He can not take a physical form. And because they can not appear in pictures, Samantha decided to write a piece of music She will photograph a moment of her life, as do photographs. As a musician, as an engineer, and as a person who grew up among a family of artists, I thought the idea of \u200b\u200bmusical images was very strong. I decided to make artificial intelligence capable of composing music. (IFA), an artificial intelligence You may learn the art of music composition By reading more than 30,000 musical pieces of the greatest pieces in history. Here is an example of how to see the algorithm for a piece of music Where they appear in a picture similar to mathematical matrices. Here is an example of how to see the algorithm for 30,000 pieces of music, Written by people like Mozart and Beethoven, Phenomenon in one frame in front of you. By using deep neural networks, Eva looks for patterns within the music. With a few existing musical scales, Eva tries to guess the next musical score in the piece. When EVA becomes good in these guesses, Be able to develop a set of mathematical rules For this kind of music To create her own innovative music. From another aspect, these are somewhat the same way that human music is composed. It is learned through trial and error, We do not always succeed in composing music. But we can correct these mistakes, Either by our musical ears or by our musical knowledge. But for IFA, this process is taken from years of learning, But centuries of learning as an artist, musician, author, Take it and learn it in a few hours. However, music art is very related to people's opinions. We protested to teach Eva How to write the right music for the right person, Because people have different preferences. In order to do this, we show the algorithm more than 30 different classification categories Per musical piece in our database. So classifications of these categories are like mood Or the intensity of a piece or the author's style of a piece of music Or the age in which the piece was written. By seeing all these data, IFA can respond to very precise requirements. Such as the requirements we have set for a project recently, We ordered him to compose a piece of music Will be a memory of a science fiction film. This piece, whose name is called (the center of the stars) It has been recorded by the Hollywood Philharmonic Orchestra (CMG) Under the leadership of John Bell, That is what they have recorded. This music is written by Eva. (Music) (Music ends) what do you think? (clap) thank you. As you have seen, artificial intelligence can compose beautiful musical pieces, The best thing about this Is that humans can give life to these pieces. This is not the first time in history Technology has increased the creativity of man. Live music has almost always been used in silent films In order to enhance the experience. But the problem with live music is that it did not fit into the place. It is very difficult to cram a complete symphony into a small theater, It is very difficult to do this in every theater in the world. So when he invented music recording, Creators such as filmmakers, To record original music in advance And make it fit with each of their stories. This was really boosted by creativity. Two and a half years ago, when I saw this movie called (H), I was thinking that music was dedicated The next big change will be how we write and consume music. Because at present, we have interactive content, such as video games, Which contains hundreds of hours of interactive gameplay, But contain only two hours of music, on average. This means that music is repeated, repeated and repeated Over and over again, this is not a very immersive experience. So we are now working to confirm that artificial intelligence is capable of composing Hundreds of hours of custom music For these situations, which can not be used to human creativity in them. We do not want to do this just in games. Bethhoven wrote a piece of music for his sweetheart, the name of the piece (for Elysees) Imagine if we could bring Bethhoven back to life. He sat next to you, creating a piece of music dedicated to your personality And the story of your life. Or imagine if there is someone like Martin Luther King He had an artificial intelligence of music. In this case perhaps we will remember "I have a dream" not only as a wonderful speech, But also as a wonderful piece of music, part of our history, And clarify the objectives of Dr. King. This is our view of IFA: Customize your music so everyone can And everyone in the world To be able to hear live soundtrack, Based on his story and personality. So this moment here together in TED is now part of our life story. It would therefore be appropriate for Eva to create a musical piece for this moment. That is exactly what we did. My team and I worked to make Eva lean to the style of TED And music that makes us feel a sense of magnificence and wonder The result is a musical piece called "The Age of Fright". We are referred to, not artificial intelligence. (Laughter) I feel very proud to see you, So if you want, close your eyes and enjoy music. Thank you very much. (Music) [Age of Fright, authored by Eva] (Music ends) This was for all of you. thank you. (clap)