Translator: Fatima Zahra El Hafa Checker: Riyad Almubarak I am from Egypt, Or what is also called the minimum mother. A country rich in revolutionary stories, Stories of victories and civilizational collapses The richness of religious diversity Ethnic, cultural and linguistic. If I grow up in such an environment, It made me believe in the importance of stories. While searching for a way to tell my story, I came across graphic design. I would like to share with you a project About the ability of graphic design to revive the Arabic language. But let me first tell you why I want to do so. I believe that graphic design can change the world. At least in the cities of Cairo, Helped to overthrow two different dictators. As you can see in these pictures, The power and ability of graphic design as a means of positive change Great without a doubt. The January 25 revolution was a radical revolution in design as well. Everyone became creative. People were the real designers And overnight, The posters swept Cairo, As well as banners and wall paintings. It was visual communication It is the means by which words are stronger When the suppression of the people includes more than 90 million votes For nearly 30 years. This political and social repression in particular, Along with decades of colonialism Poor education Has led to the gradual erosion of the importance of the Arabic alphabet in the region. All these countries used Arabic. But now this applies only to those green and blue. Simply, The Arabic alphabet is on the way to an end. In the former colonial Arab countries, which live in an increasingly globalized world, It became disturbing The use of Arabic as a tool for communication is constantly decreasing. During my Master's degree in Italy, I noticed my longing for Arabic. I missed to look at the letters, And assimilation of its meaning. So one day, I entered one of the largest libraries in Italy Researcher for Arabic books. I was surprised by my presence there on this In the category "Arabic / Middle Eastern books." (Laughter) Fear, terror and destruction. One word: urging. I felt a lump in my heart That this is the image of the world about us Even from a literary perspective. I wondered: What happened to the world-renowned writers? Such as Naguib Mahfouz and Khalil Gibran And prominent poets such as Mutanabi and Nizar Qabbani? Think about this. The cultural products of the entire region of the world, Which are rich and diverse, Classified as unimportant, Or were completely ignored. The cultural products of the entire region of the world Prevent from leaving any real effect On global media production and contemporary social discourse. Then I reminded myself of my first convictions: Graphic design can change the world. All you need is a person who takes a look at your business He feels and finds the link. So I started. I thought about how to end the world's perception of us as evil, And the planet's terrorists, And look at us instead as oppressors And human beings. How can I save and honor the Arabic alphabet And share them with other people and other cultures? Then came the idea: What if the most significant symbols were collected? On the patent and the Arab identity? Perhaps then people can respond. Is there something more authentic, innocent and fun than the Lego? It's a global children's game. You play it and adopt it, You can also imagine endless possibilities thanks to them. The crucial moment for me was to find a bilingual solution for Arab education, Because communication and learning are effective Are the path to more tolerant societies. But the Arabic and Latin alphabets are not just different worlds But also create technical difficulties for both Eastern and Western societies On a daily basis. There are several reasons why Arabic differs from Latin, But here are the most important ones. Indeed, both are using ascending and descending lines, But each has very different basic lines. The Arabic language depends a lot on the line Communication is important in Arabic, Which relies on tying letters to express a word clearly. It also uses a completely different numbering and punctuation system. Most importantly, Arabic does not contain uppercase letters. Instead, there are four forms of letters: Primary, intermediate, isolated and final. I would like to introduce the Arabic language for young and foreign learners More importantly, I would like to help refugees integrate into their host communities By creating a bilingual learning system, Continue in both directions. I called him "We\'re not playing." The idea is simply to invent an entertaining and interesting way to learn Modern Classical Arabic via Lego. These are the words "do not play". Each colored bar represents an Arabic character. As you can see, each character is represented by a form and a sound There are examples of word uses, As well as in Latin. They make up a fun pocket book together Includes the 29 letters of the Arabic alphabet and the four different forms, In addition to a dictionary of 400 words. This is the format of the pages. There is crafts and literal transport in Latin And the description below. I will explain the process to you. First I was in my small workshop in Florence, Installs characters. I photographed each character separately, Then add some touches to each character and choose the right color for the background And the quality of the font to be used. Finally, produced a complete set of characters, Which are 29 characters each in four different forms. Ie 116 characters installed in just one week. I believe that any information should and can be enjoyable and removable. This book is the final product, Which I would eventually like to publish Translated into as many languages \u200b\u200bas possible in the world, So that learning and learning Arabic is fun, easy and universally available. Thanks to this book, I hope to save my beautiful language. (clap) thank you. The work on this project was a kind of visual meditation, Such as a mystical dance, Prayer for a better planet. Produced one set of bilingual blocks. Lego is only a metaphor. Because we are all created from the same elements, I can see a future Where barriers between people They all collapse completely. So no matter how bad the world is around us, No matter how many frustrating books speak of a supporter, the terrorist group, Not Isis, the ancient Egyptian goddess, Which will be published, I will continue to build one world full of color. Thank. (clap) thank you. Thank you very much. thank you.