Translator: Riyad Almubarak Checker: Lalla Khadija Tigha We face a severe problem with global warming. Many of you, many people have been watching floods, Droughts, storms, fires. When I leave this rostrum today, I do not want to give you hope. I want to be convinced, with genuine conviction That we can solve this problem and see that moment. I would like to give you a glimpse of what it is. This is the first time we have publicly shared this. You are the first to know. We will launch a rocket. The rocket will carry a satellite. The satellite will collect pollution information Which causes the warming of our planet. We will have this information for people Who can do simple repairs Which will change the course of global warming during our lifetime. That is a lot of information that is difficult to understand, perhaps I should preface. First, let me know by myself, my name is Fred, I have been working as an environmental scientist since my childhood, So when I saw the fish and frogs in the pool next to us You die because of leaks of chemicals. It bothered me then. Later, one of the professors inspired me to think differently about environmental advocacy. How best solutions can come From answering people's aspirations for well-being, Things like being safe, healthy, thriving in this world. So, I joined the Environmental Defense Fund to find such solutions. I have worked my whole career to witness this moment - That moment when we stop fighting the opposite wind And then make it push us forward. Thanks to the power of information, Information from the technology Whose prices are constantly decreasing. As you can see, there is something about climate change that we did not recognize Only a decade before now. The world's focus was on carbon dioxide What made us lose sight of another important gas. We did not realize the importance of methane. Methane pollution is responsible for a quarter of global warming Which we are currently witnessing. Lbs after a pound, its direct effect is much greater than carbon dioxide. 84 times larger in 20 years. One of the largest sources of methane pollution Is the oil and gas industry. Because it is invisible, because methane is a hidden gas. Let's take a look at this natural gas storage facility Outside the state of Los Angeles. Can you see methane? neither do I. what about now? We took these photos using an infrared camera, To reveal one of the worst methane leaks in US history. That's a very different picture. It is clear that natural gas is in the process of replacing our dependence on coal, Which sends a lot more carbon dioxide. But natural gas is largely methane. Therefore, it is produced and processed And deported to homes and factories across America, Leaks from wells, pipes and other equipment. Then rise to heaven And contributes to the disasters we are witnessing now. This should not happen. But none of them showed much interest To launch a nationwide study to understand the causes of the problem. We used drones, regular planes, helicopters, even Google cars. It turned out that this methane pollution was completely spread Far more than the government has permitted. It also turned out that when we determine where the gas leak lies, Most of these sources can be easily and inexpensively repaired, Thus preserving the gas that would have been wasted. Finally, we learned that when people are given such information, This drives them to move. Leading companies replace valves and tighten pipe closures. Colorado is the first state to limit pollution from methane, California followed suit, and joined her public. Tweets started spreading - cutmethane # Everyone has become more interested now. We are doing this because we can not wait for Washington, especially now. In fact, we have to take what we have achieved so far And we ascend, toward heaven. The United States represents about 10% of this pollution. To find the rest, you must look into the world. Do you remember that rocket you talked about? Will launch an integrated satellite called methane sat, To do what no one has been able to do until now A measure of the level of methane pollution from oil and gas installations around the world, And with extreme precision. We will be able to flow his data from a map of this pollution, So that everyone can see it. Then it will depend on the conversion of data into action, As we did exactly in the United States. We found that when we provide companies with data, Many of them will stop pollution. This enables the population to do something, Governments will tighten laws. Because all of our data will be free and publicly available, There will be transparency - We will be able to see how much progress has been made. Which leads me to our goal: A reduction of methane pollution by 45% by 2025. (clap) This will have the same effect in the near term To close 1,300 coal-fired plant works. Equivalent to one-third of the world's coal-fired plants. Nothing else can create this near-term impact at such a low cost. The fact that one satellite He can help us stop global warming is something quite exceptional. Here we are to make a difference in our lives, We can do it now. All thanks to the generous donation of the "bold project" We are on the way to take off. But my time is running out, I promised you to imagine For what seems to be the basic part of the solution. Can you see it? Can you see how this satellite is raised Of the value of science, data and technology? Can you see that we are entering a whole new era of innovation? Who is shipping this progress? Can you see that it's ours? We set a serious goal for three years before taking off, When that satellite is ready, we will celebrate a concert. The launch ceremony is literally. Imagine a day when the sky is clear with crowds of people, TV channels, The children stare high into the sky Towards something that will change the shape of their future. What an amazing day we will witness. What a great opportunity for us. I can not wait. thank you. (clap)