Interpreter: Ziyun Liao Proofreader: Lipeng Chen I am here today, I want to talk to you about some of the first principles. And some cities I love - Especially East Palo Alto, which is located in California. There are talents there. But this city is being a The 101 National Road through the Silicon Valley is separated by a hard line. On the west side of this highway, it is the “all-in-one” Palo Alto. As long as you want it, you can find it here: Superior education, considerable income, and abundant water resources. On the east side of this expressway, there is a "nothing" Palo Alto. Even if you have never heard of East Palo Alto, You may have heard other similar stories about how the eastern cities are desolate. Whether it is East Pittsburgh separated by rail, Detroit, separated by the Gros Point gate, Still East St. Louis, East Oakland, east of Philadelphia. Why is a city's social, economic and environmental fringe, Most of them are concentrated in the east? It turns out that It is because of the wind direction. If you stand on the Arctic Circle and look down at the Earth, You will find that the earth is rotating counterclockwise. The result is, The wind in the northern hemisphere and the wind in the southern hemisphere, Both blow in the same direction - East. We can understand this: Imagine we are sitting next to a campfire, You have to be responsible for arranging for ten people, and that everyone can get warm. But the question is: Who is sitting in the downwind and being smoked? the answer is, People from disadvantaged groups. This is the driving principle of the bonfire in our city. Not only in the United States, but also in the world. East London, the same is true of the eastern part of Paris. There is also East Jerusalem. Even along the street where we are, The eastern part of Vancouver is also the marginalized side. I am not the only one who has noticed this. I have been pondering this problem for many years, Finally found a group of economic historians in the UK. They planned the distribution pattern of chimneys in the industrial age. After the calculation Same as my anthropologist, That is: wind direction and pollution are the incentives for the eastern cities to be marginalized. Leading logic in the industrial age It is to divide the gap between rich and poor. It is “all things” and “nothing”, and that has become part of our culture. That's why if I tell you someone From the "on the wrong side of the track", you know that I am saying that his family is poor. This allusion comes from the dirty and black smoke produced by the wind. Blowing east, this is usually the case. I don't mean that every eastern city is on the edge. Or every city’s marginal community is located in the eastern part of the city. But I am already doing my best. Reduce the gap between the east and the west through (city) design. If you find yourself talking about Highway, river, basic orientation of the train track, In fact, what you are discussing is the eastern part of the city. The wind is a common natural phenomenon. But the decision of human design, let us separate the decision from each other, It is artificial. Considering the eastern part of every city in the United States, They are all built in the era of legal segregation. Obviously, when we were designing the city, we didn’t even think about it for everyone’s benefit. So we finally had problems like loan discrimination. This is a city map designed by the government at the time. Tell the bank which places should not lend, This is just the tip of the iceberg in many maps. You may notice that the red parts are mostly gathered together. The eastern side of these cities. The decisions made in the design of fiscal policy have become self-fulfilling prophecies; Without a loan, the tax base of the property tax is small. The government’s investment in school construction will be reduced, so the labor force cultivated will be less competitive. So - 瞧 - led to lower income, Low income means you are not eligible to apply for a loan. This is a vicious circle of spiraling down. And that's just an example of borrowing. We have made similarly infamous decisions on many issues. From water infrastructure, When deciding where to open a grocery store or tobacco and alcohol line, Even for whom we are, and how we design and fund technology products. In summary, this series of questions, It is caused by our original sin. I think this is not the way we want to be remembered by the world. But this is basically our last century. What we did for the construction of the eastern city. But fortunately, there is still room for manoeuvre, If we fall into this dilemma of development in the east Because of a bad decision, Then we can get rid of this situation through a reasonable design. And I believe that the good principle of a good design is actually very simple: We must start from the promise of everyone's interests. Do you still remember the bonfire metaphor? If we want to benefit everyone, just design it into a horseshoe shape. Then no one will be smoked, I want to give this advice to the homesickers. Because the meaning of this picture is not to say You are going to the east of the city now, and then rushing everyone to other places. Because you can't do this. (applause) But the key is that If you regard the interests of all people as the first principle of dealing with everything, Then these problems will be easier to solve than you think. So what can be reasonable? What is the difference between the rich and the poor in the Silicon Valley and the Palo Alto? I think I can start from East Palo Alto and meet up with difficulties. Located in the middle of Silicon Valley, it is innovative and wealthy. The most important thing. If you want to solve the problem in which place, then this is definitely the best choice. If we solve the problem with East Palo Alto, Then other eastern cities can refer to this method. If you think about it carefully, this is actually a huge investment opportunity. It can also promote policy reform and philanthropy. But the core is the fundamental principle of this design, Have we decided to take care of everyone. This is the love decision we can make. We have money, There is also support for our technology, And these technologies are changing with each passing day. In this building, in these cities, We can find the best entrepreneurs in the world. But the fundamental question is: Who are we designing for? Is that the "all-in-one" or "one nothing" side? Is to continue to expand this gap, Still reduce this gap? It’s time for everyone to work together. Because the reality is that the industrial age is gone forever. We are no longer living in a legal era of apartheid. All in all, there should be no difference between rich and poor on both sides of the track. All I want to say is, When we formulate economic policies and design cities, we must always keep that principle in mind. Thank you. (applause)